[Reporting Issues] Add a page on reporting issues (#54)
godotengine/godot-contributing-docs: other/triage_sprints.rst

      due to inactivity. This might apply even if the thread has replies after the request if those replies do not provide the necessary information.
      If you are unsure please comment in the batch thread and we will evaluate it.

> - Confirm that the report is filled in correctly, and that all the necessary details are available. See :ref:`this page <doc_issue_report_writing>` for a reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Confirm that the report is filled in correctly, and that all the necessary details are available. See :ref:`How to write a good issue report <doc_issue_report_writing>` for a reference.
```
Not sure if it's standard to put linked article titles in quote marks or not, but in general I like the idea of having the article title instead of just "this page". As with other things though, if the latter approach is standard across the docs, then we should stick with that.

Author: I'd say there's no strict preference either way, and I think it flow better in many cases to not write out the whole title, in this case it works though (minus the casing)
